NIP-28: simplify and fix kind 41 (#1318)
nostr-protocol/nips: 28.md

Update a channel's public metadata.

> Clients and relays SHOULD handle replaceable event kind 41, where the information is used to update the metadata, without modifying the event id for the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kind 41 is used to update the metadata without modifying the event id for the channel. Clients and relays MAY handle kind 41 as a replaceable event: only the most recent kind 41 MAY be available.
```
